C
----

real	0m0.114s
user	0m0.052s
sys	0m0.052s
du: cannot access `C': No such file or directory
bash: line 11: ----: command not found
bash: line 13: real: command not found
bash: line 14: user: command not found
bash: line 15: sys: command not found
bash: line 16: 8077: command not found
bash: line 17: Enter: command not found
bash: line 18: you: command not found
bash: line 19: please: command not found
bash: line 20: Hello: command not found
bash: line 22: real: command not found
bash: line 23: user: command not found
bash: line 24: sys: command not found
bash: line 26: C++: command not found
bash: line 27: ----: command not found
bash: line 29: real: command not found
bash: line 30: user: command not found
bash: line 31: sys: command not found
bash: line 32: 13857: command not found
bash: line 33: Enter: command not found
bash: line 34: you: command not found
bash: line 35: Enter: command not found
bash: line 36: Hello: command not found
bash: line 38: real: command not found
bash: line 39: user: command not found
bash: line 40: sys: command not found
bash: line 41: -b: command not found
Enter the number : 
you entered: 12345
please type in your first name: 
Hello engr

real	0m0.003s
user	0m0.000s
sys	0m0.000s

C++
----

real	0m0.645s
user	0m0.476s
sys	0m0.156s
13857	cpp.out
Enter the number :
you entered: 12345
Enter your first name :
Hello engr

real	0m0.006s
user	0m0.000s
sys	0m0.008s
