bash: line 8: 50: command not found
bash: line 9: 4: command not found
bash: line 10: 1: command not found
bash: line 11: 100: command not found
bash: line 12: 1: command not found
bash: line 13: 5: command not found
bash: line 14: 2: command not found
bash: line 15: 1: command not found
bash: line 16: 1: command not found
bash: line 17: 100: command not found
bash: line 18: 1: command not found
bash: line 19: 1000: command not found
bash: line 20: 4: command not found
bash: line 21: 1: command not found
bash: line 22: 4: command not found
bash: line 23: 1: command not found
bash: line 24: 1: command not found
bash: line 25: 1000: command not found
bash: line 26: 1: command not found
bash: line 27: 934: command not found
bash: line 28: 8: command not found
bash: line 29: 734: command not found
bash: line 30: 1: command not found
bash: line 31: 345: command not found
bash: line 32: 10: command not found
bash: line 33: 765: command not found
bash: line 34: 10: command not found
bash: line 35: 1000: command not found
bash: line 36: 10: command not found
bash: line 37: 734: command not found
bash: line 38: 1: command not found
bash: line 39: 631: command not found
bash: line 40: 10: command not found
bash: line 41: 3: command not found
bash: line 42: 6: command not found
bash: line 43: 4: command not found
bash: line 44: 10: command not found
bash: line 45: 3: command not found
bash: line 46: 9: command not found
bash: line 47: 3: command not found
bash: line 48: 10: command not found
bash: line 49: 917: command not found
bash: line 50: 4: command not found
bash: line 51: 574: command not found
bash: line 52: 4: command not found
bash: line 53: 531: command not found
bash: line 54: 5: command not found
bash: line 55: 932: command not found
bash: line 56: 8: command not found
bash: line 57: 8: command not found
bash: line 58: 2: command not found
bash: line 59: 6: command not found
bash: line 60: 6: command not found
bash: line 61: 7: command not found
bash: line 62: 1: command not found
bash: line 63: 7: command not found
bash: line 64: 2: command not found
bash: line 65: 16: command not found
bash: line 66: 9: command not found
bash: line 67: 125: command not found
bash: line 68: 6: command not found
bash: line 69: 189: command not found
bash: line 70: 8: command not found
bash: line 71: 266: command not found
bash: line 72: 7: command not found
bash: line 73: 285: command not found
bash: line 74: 6: command not found
bash: line 75: 438: command not found
bash: line 76: 8: command not found
bash: line 77: 416: command not found
bash: line 78: 8: command not found
bash: line 79: 280: command not found
bash: line 80: 9: command not found
bash: line 81: 192: command not found
bash: line 82: 7: command not found
bash: line 83: 747: command not found
bash: line 84: 7: command not found
bash: line 85: 662: command not found
bash: line 86: 5: command not found
bash: line 87: 417: command not found
bash: line 88: 9: command not found
bash: line 89: 380: command not found
bash: line 90: 6: command not found
bash: line 91: 164: command not found
bash: line 92: 9: command not found
bash: line 93: 191: command not found
bash: line 94: 6: command not found
bash: line 95: 543: command not found
bash: line 96: 5: command not found
bash: line 97: 173: command not found
bash: line 98: 6: command not found
bash: line 99: 256: command not found
bash: line 100: 6: command not found
bash: line 101: 151: command not found
bash: line 102: 5: command not found
bash: line 103: 293: command not found
bash: line 104: 5: command not found
bash: line 105: 899: command not found
bash: line 106: 5: command not found
bash: line 107: 156: command not found
bash: line 108: 9: command not found
