loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'y'
loop two begin 
first part of loop two code
jump to loop one? answer: 'y'
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? answer: 'n'
second part of loop one code
loop one end 
loop one begin 
first part of loop one code
jump to loop two? 