main.cpp:33:15: warning: unused variable 'iter' [-Wunused-variable]
    for (auto iter : {1,2,3})
              ^
1 warning generated.
main coro starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
main coro finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
main coro starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
main coro finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
main coro starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
in lambda inside subcoroutine - starts
main coro finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
in lambda inside subcoroutine - finishes
